#summary RoutePlanner is a web application that allows a client to find the shortest route(s) between two stations on the London Underground.

= Introduction =

RoutePlanner was completed with a team of nine people including me while training at the FDM Academy. I was responsible for wiring the classes with annotations, setting up the Spring Security, setting up Spring AOP and general code review. 

----
==Project Specifications==

  * Allow user to find the shortest route(s) between two stations.
  * The "shortest route" is the route that has the least number of stops and the least number of line transfers.
  * The user must register an account and login before being able to use the web application.
  * The user has the option of buying a ticket after searching a route.
  * Allow the client to view the ticket purchase history.
  * Log any errors that may occur on the website such as simultaneous ticket buying on the same account.

----
==How to run the project==
  # Install Apache Tomcat onto your computer
  # Get Eclipse IDE
  # Download Apache Tomcat plugin for Eclipse
  # Configure Tomcat on your Eclipse
  # Right click project, Tomcat project -> Update context definition
  # Run Tomcat
  # Open your browser and type localhost:8080/RoutePlanner-Annotations


---
==Configurations==
===Change Route Map===
The project is configured to load the subway map of the London Underground, however this can be changed! To change to a map of your choice, you must have an xml file in this format:
{{{
<network>
   <line name="some line">
      <station>Station A</station>
   </line>
</network>
}}}

Next put the xml file in the WEB-INF/src folder.
After that in filename.properties change the file name of CompleteTube.xml to your xml file.

===Change Zone Data===
Zones determine the pricing of the tickets. A station with a lower zone has a higher ticket price and vice-versa. To determine the price in a route, the station with the lowest zone is used. To change to a zone data map of your choice, you must have a dat file in this format:
{{{
Station A:Zone# //Where Zone# >= 0 and <= 10
}}}

Next put the dat file in the WEB-INF/src folder.
After that in filename.properties change the file name of zone_data2.dat to your dat file. NOTE that the stations in the dat file must correspond to the stations found in the xml file!!!